I suppose I watched, I think when I was in the sixth form, we did watch television in the evening a little bit more
because I didn't have the, I didn't do the amount of subjects then.
Things eased off in the sixth form.
But my viewing pattern, I think, well, see, I've been moved about a bit.
Now, when I went to college, we did have a television in the common room, but we didn't watch much television there.
I don't remember much about television in college.
And then when I went to work in Liverpool, we did hire a television set, you know, on what do you call it?
What do you call it? On a higher purchase.
A DER it was.
And do you know, there were four of us in the first year working there.
And this girl, no, when we went to the shop, the man said to us, you know, we asked him about it.
And then when he realised we wanted to have a television, he wouldn't sell it.
He wouldn't let us have it.
And I said, why?
He said, you're too young.
I said, we're teachers.
And he didn't believe me.
They wouldn't sell us.
And do you know, I also had somebody who wouldn't sell me the news of the world either.
They said, you're too young.
This woman had, the papers weren't on the counter, they were at the back.
And this old lady wouldn't let me have the news of the world.
We must have looked young.
We must have done.
Oh, dear me.
I wish that happened now.
Anyway, the thing was, so yes, we had this, we eventually, we did have a television from another shop, DR it was.
But I don't know that we watched a lot of television.
I don't recall watching programmes much on it, except the news maybe.
I remember on one occasion, there was something about the pill, which was quite controversial at the time.
I don't remember watching anything much.
I can't remember a programme.
Oh, Coronation Street, because my friend was, oh, she's been faithfully watching Coronation Street for years.
And so we did watch that.
But I suppose we went out more in those days.
When you're younger, you go out more, don't you?
And I was very much in with a Welsh group in Liverpool then.
And then I went to London and we had, we didn't have a television there.
But I was only there a term anyway.
And then I came back to the Wirral.
And yes, I did have a television, but not immediately.
I did go out more in the beginning.
But then I had my own flat and I had a television there.
Which was black and white.
Most people had black and white then.
And I think I watched Coronation Street.
I've always liked Coronation Street.
Don't watch any other soap.
And the news as well.
So I've always been clued up to the news really.
And I used to watch the golf and a horror film on a Monday night.
Not that I like horror films now.
And sports.
I love sports.
I like watching rugby.
I like watching Formula One.
And tennis.
I watched tennis there.
And we used to discuss the games at school as well.
Because in those days, Wimbledon started about two o'clock, was it?
Yes.
So we finished work at three o'clock.
So we used to be rushing home at that time.
Because things were easing off then with summertime.
It was nearly holiday time, wasn't it?
And so to watch the matches.
It was at the time when Chris Evert was in a heyday and people like that.
And, wait a minute.
Yes, I remember watching those.
I think, I suppose, really, I watched more television when I had my own flat.
I know at home, my father used to like wrestling on a Saturday afternoon, which I didn't.
So I didn't watch that.
But, yeah, I think, I suppose, I was more aware of television in the 60s, 60s, 70s.
And I've always been a selective viewer.
But I do like certain things, you know.
And I like, I love historical drama, you know, like, oh, and things like Silk.
And another one I loved, well, this was, I was still at school then.
They used to have a programme called No Hiding Place.
It was a detective thing.
But it was lovely, lovely programme on a Sunday night, I think it was.
I think it was a Sunday night.
And they had quite nice music to introduce it as well.
Yeah.
And then in later years, I watched Van der Valk.
Do you remember that?
I'm probably talking about things you don't know about.
Van der Valk, that was another television programme based in Holland.
And that was a very iconic music.
Have you ever heard of that?
Yes, that's it.
And, oh.
Yes, there have been some, I love documentaries if they're, you know, if they interest me.
And, of course, in later, well, I'm sorry now that Learning Zone is on in the middle of the night.
Although I'm late, you know, I'm late up and it's too late, it's four o'clock or something.
But they used to be, it used to be on about midnight at one time.
And I used to love watching some of that because it's quite educational.